Improves link text in Nature Section Heading README (#655)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: toolkits/nature/packages/nature-section-heading/README.md

In these cases, include a chevron after the heading text to help users understand that they can click on it.

![Example with chevron](img/example.png)

> [Find the source code for the chevron icon here](https://github.com/springernature/frontend-toolkits/blob/master/context/brand-context/default/img/icons/chevron-right.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Get the source code for the chevron icon](https://github.com/springernature/frontend-toolkits/blob/master/context/brand-context/default/img/icons/chevron-right.svg
```
